welcome to bio legends fluorescence
spectra analyzer this application is
useful for comparing the emission and
excitation spectra of commonly available
fluorophores for flow cytometry unlike
other fluorescence spectra tools on the
internet you can go mobile and use this
web tool on any browser capable mobile
device such as an iphone or ipad to view
the emission or excitation of any
fluorophore listed click the checkbox to
select or deselect the desired flora for
emission spectra are displayed as smooth
lines while excitation spectra are
displayed as dotted lines to view
relevant laser lines check the
appropriate boxes to add bandpass
filters type in the desired range into
the appropriate fields you can add up to
five filters at a time hit the create
filters button to create your filters
then select the filters you wish to
apply be sure to create your filters
prior to selecting your spectra and
laser lines because this button resets
the page the spectral analyzer allows
you to view exact data points on any of
the graphs just scroll over the desired
point of interest a pop-up will appear
at the top of the mouse the pop-up
displays the floor for excitation or
omission the wavelengths of light and
the percent of maximal excitation or
omission at that wavelength you can
disable this function by deselecting the
checkbox entitled enable tooltip you can
zoom in and out on your selected graph
as well as pan in any direction to zoom
in simply scroll the mouse wheel forward
to zoom out scroll the mouse wheel
backwards or simply select the zoom out
button in the upper right hand corner of
your screen
left click hold and move the mouse to
pan you can reset to the original view
by selecting the reset zoom checkbox to
save your custom filters drag the image
into your bookmarks tab or menu you can
customize the name of your bookmark when
you open this page from your bookmarks
your filters will be loaded you can
export and save images of the graphs
that you have displayed simply click the
export image button this brings up a new
window with your image and a legend of
your chosen settings from here right
click and save bio legend spectra
analyzer is a great tool for comparing
flora for excitation and emission data
for use in flow cytometry and other
applications to view other helpful web
tools protocols and other resources
browse the new bio legend calm
you